PyUp
===========
The most comprehensive Python Jawbone UP API wrapper.


Installation
------------

Import the UPAPI class from the PyUp file

`from PyUp import UpAPI`

Initialize the UPAPI object to any variable

`jawbone = UPAPI()`

Usage
-----

##Get Auth Code from Jawbone

Method to get the authentication code from Jawbone


`jawbone.get_auth_code()`

##Exchange Auth Code for Access Token

Method that exchanges a valid auth code for an access token

`jawbone.exchange_code_for_token(code)`

##Get Access Token

Return the access token for the user, if any. 

This method is useful when retrieving the access token for all API calls.

`jawbone.get_access_token()`


##Band Events 

Returns the band hardware events generated by the UP24 bluetooth connected band.

`jawbone.get_band_events(access_token, date=None, start_time=None, end_time=None, created_after=None)`

##Goals 

###Get Goal

Returns the goals the user has set for UP. Currently takes no parameters and is read only.

`jawbone.get_user_goals(access_token)`   

###Set Goal

Updates the user goal. Note your app must have the correct scope to update the respective goal.

`jawbone.set_user_goal(access_token, move_steps=None, sleep_total=None, body_weight=None, body_weight_intent=None)`

## Heartrate

Returns a single resting heart rate measurement captured at a specific, non-configurable time via an UP3 device.

`jawbone.get_resting_heartrate(access_token, date=None, page_token=None, start_time=None, end_time=None,
                              updated_after=None,
                              limit=None):`
                              
##User

###Get basic information about the user
Returns the basic information of the user

`jawbone.get_user_details(access_token)`

###Get list of friends

Returns the list of unique identifiers (XIDs) of the user's friends.

`jawbone.get_friends_list(access_token)`


##Workouts

###Get the user's workout list
Returns the list of workouts of the current user.

`jawbone.get_workouts_list(access_token, date=None, page_token=None, start_time=None, end_time=None, updated_after=None,
                          limit=None)`

###Get information about a specific workout
Returns detailed information about the given workout.

`get_workout_info(access_token, xid)`

###Get the user's workout graphs
Returns the image of the given workout.

`get_workout_graph(access_token, xid)`

###Get workout ticks
Returns granular details for the specific Workout event.

`get_workout_ticks(access_token, xid)`


##Trends

###Get the user's trends
Returns the user's trends over a period of time (e.g. 5 weeks), using the given granularity (e.g. by day).

`get_trends(access_token, num_buckets, bucket_size=None, end_date=None):
`

##Moves

###Get the user's move list
Returns the list of moves of the current user.

`get_moves_list(access_token, date=None, start_time=None, end_time=None, updated_after=None,
                       page_token=None)`
###Get the information about a specific move

Returns the detailed information of the given move.

`get_move_info(access_token, move_xid)`


###Get the user's move graphs
Returns the image of the given move.

`get_move_graph(access_token, move_xid)`
###Get move ticks
Returns granular details for the specific Move event.

`get_move_ticks(access_token, move_xid)`

##Sleeps

###Get the user's sleep list

Returns the list of sleeps of the current user.

`get_sleeps_list(access_token, date=None, start_time=None, end_time=None, updated_after=None,
                        page_token=None)`


##Generic API Call

A method used for any GET API call to any Jawbone endpoint

`jawbone.get_generic_api_call(access_token, endpoint='/users/@me', **kwargs)`


##Revoke Access Token

Disconnects user from application

`jawbone.revoke_access_token(access_token)`

Requirements
------------

This wrapper only needs the following two requirements:

`urllib` and `requests` 